So, the correct answer is this last option here,
I love JAVA, where love is all lower case letters and JAVA is all uppercase letters.
Why is that the correct output there?
Because we're printing out I,
which is a string literal here,
so it gets printed out exactly the same and
then we concatenate that with a variable feeling,
which happens to be this love string that was updated to all lower cases.
That will print out love with
a lowercase l and then we're
concatenating that with an empty string which is just a space.
And then finally, with the variable language which started with a string literal Java,
and then we updated it to become
all uppercase letters so that's going to be JAVA in all uppercase letters.
The output would be I space love space JAVA, like that.